Replace infinite memoization with concurrent deduplication (#100)
apollographql/datasource-rest: README.md

This package exports a ([`RESTDataSource`](https://github.com/apollographql/datasource-rest#apollo-rest-data-source)) class which is used for fetching data from a REST API and exposing it via GraphQL within Apollo Server.

> RESTDataSource provides two levels of caching: an in-memory "deduplication" feature primarily used to avoid sending the same GET request multiple times in parallel, and an "HTTP cache" which provides browser-style caching in a (potentially shared) `KeyValueCache` observing to standard HTTP caching headers.

Author: It's pretty bad grammar for sure.

> RESTDataSource provides two levels of caching: an in-memory "deduplication" feature primarily used to avoid sending the same GET request multiple times in parallel, and an "HTTP cache" which provides browser-style caching in a (potentially shared) `KeyValueCache` observing to standard HTTP caching headers.

Author: Improved

If a resource's path starts with something that looks like an URL because it contains a colon and you want it to be added on to the full base URL after its path (so you can't pass it as `this.get('/foo:bar')`), you can pass a path starting with `./`, like `this.get('./foo:bar')`.

#### Methods

##### `cacheKeyFor`
By default, `RESTDatasource` uses the full request URL as a cache key when saving information about the request to the `KeyValueCache`. Override this method to remove query parameters or compute a custom cache key.

For example, you could use this to use header fields or the HTTP method as part of the cache key. Even though we do validate header fields and don't serve responses from cache when they don't match, new responses overwrite old ones with different header fields. (For the HTTP method, this might be a positive thing, as you may want a `POST /foo` request to stop a previously cached `GET /foo` from being returned.)

##### `deduplicationPolicyFor`

> By default, `RESTDataSource` de-duplicates all outgoing **GET requests** in an in-memory cache, separate from the `KeyValueCache` used for the HTTP response cache. It makes the assumption that two HTTP GET requests to the same URL made in parallel can share the same response. When the GET request returns, its response is delivered to each caller that requested the same URL concurrently, and then it is removed from the cache.

Author: Done (with bold)

You do this by overriding the `deduplicationPolicyFor` method in your class. This method takes an URL and a request, and returns a policy object with one of three forms:

- `{policy: 'deduplicate-during-request-lifetime', deduplicationKey: string}`: This is the default behavior for GET requests. If a request with the same deduplication key is in progress, share its result. Otherwise, start a request, allow other requests to de-duplicate against it while it is running, and forget about it once the request returns successfully.
- `{policy: 'deduplicate-until-invalidated', deduplicationKey: string}`: This was the default behavior for GET requests in versions prior to v5. If a request with the same deduplication key is in progress, share its result. Otherwise, start a request and allow other requests to de-duplicate against it while it is running. All future requests with policy `deduplicate-during-request-lifetime` or `deduplicate-until-invalidated` with the same `deduplicationKey` will share the same result until a request is started with policy `do-not-deduplicate` and a matching entry in `invalidateDeduplicationKeys`.

> - `{ policy: 'do-not-deduplicate'; invalidateDeduplicationKeys?: string[] }`: This is the default behavior for non-GET requests. Always run an actual HTTP request and don't allow other requests to de-duplicate against it. Additionally, invalidate any listed keys immediately: new requests with that deduplicationKey will not match any requests that current exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{ policy: 'do-not-deduplicate'; invalidateDeduplicationKeys?: string[] }`: This is the default behavior for non-GET requests. Always run an actual HTTP request and don't allow other requests to de-duplicate against it. Additionally, invalidate any listed keys immediately: new requests with that `deduplicationKey` will not match any requests that currently exist in the request cache.
```

The default implementation of this method is:

```ts
protected deduplicationPolicyFor(
  url: URL,
  request: RequestOptions,
): DeduplicationPolicy {
  // Start with the cache key that is used for the shared header-sensitive
  // cache. Note that its default implementation does not include the HTTP
  // method, so if a subclass overrides this and allows non-GETs to be
  // de-duplicated it will be important for it to include (at least!) the
  // method in the deduplication key, so we're explicitly adding GET here.
  const cacheKey = this.cacheKeyFor(url, request);

>   if (request.method === 'GET') {

Reviewer: Just making note that we're probably going to add support for HEAD requests as a part of the work we're doing. We can account for that later when we actually do the work for it (it'll probably make more sense with the typings if we wait too?)

Author: Yeah, later sounds fine
